they came to help bring relief to
Palestinians suffering in Gaza but they
ended up as yet more victims of Israel's
war an Israeli air strike killed these
Aid workers from the humanitarian group
world's Central Kitchen one of them was
Palestinian but all the others were
foreign Nationals and their governments
are demanding answers Australia expects
full accountability for the deaths of
Aid workers which is completely
unacceptable uh Aid workers and those
doing humanitarian work and indeed all
innocent civilians need to be provided
with protection World Central Kitchen
says its team had coordinated their
movements with the Israeli Army ahead of
time they were traveling in armored cars
and their logo was highly visible Israel
has promised to review the attack at
what it called the highest levels we
will be opening a probe to examine this
series incident further this will help
us reduce the risk of such an event from
occurring again but this isn't the first
time relief workers have been killed in
Gaza Israel has also been uh previously
uh trying to shut down unoa one of the
largest humanitarian actors in Gaza uh
numerous unoa employees have been killed
it's not just foreigners uh of course
because most of the humanitarian relief
is provided by Palestinians themselves
who live uh in Gaza uh so this is a an
acute problem which has been ongoing for
the past 5 or 6 months and a full
investigation and accountability is
warranted Aid workers face enormous
risks springing desperately needed food
and supplies into Gaza the strip is on
the brink of famine and the UN is
calling for safe access for Aid
deliveries Israel now faces more calls
for accountability and steps to ensure
humanitarian workers do not become
targets Von Monahan Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer